feat: add expand rel (#368)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/relations/physical_relations.md

| Measures         | A list of one or more aggregate expressions. Aggregate expressions ordering requirements must be compatible with expected ordering. | Optional, required if no grouping sets. |

## Expand Operation

> The expand operation creates duplicates of input records based on ExpandFields. The ExpandField can be the SwitchingField or ConsistentField. The SwitchingField here means that switches output based on which duplicate_id we're outputting. And the ConsistentField means that outputs the same value no matter which duplicate_id we're on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expand operation creates duplicates of input records based on the Expand Fields. Each Expand Field can be a Switching Field or an expression. Switching Fields are described below.  If an Expand Field is an expression then its value is consistent across all duplicate rows.
```

| Signature            | Value                                |
| -------------------- |--------------------------------------|
| Inputs               | 1                                    |
| Outputs              | 1                                    |

> | Property Maintenance | Duplicated columns are maintained.   |

Reviewer 2: > is this description accurate?

Distribution is only maintained if all the distribution fields are consistent fields with direct references. For example, `distributed by a,b` does not imply `distributed by a`. As such, if `a` was a consistent field but `b` was not, distribution wouldn't be maintained.

Ordering can only be maintained down to the level of consistent fields that are kept. So if the original set is `ordered by a,b,c` and then we have consistent fields `a,b` and `switching field(c)`, only ordering of `a,b` would be maintained.

> | Property Maintenance | Duplicated columns are maintained.   |

Author: @jacques-n @westonpace Update the doc. And please help to review again. Thanks.

> | Direct Output Order  | The expand fields and duplicated id.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Direct Output Order  | The expand fields followed by an i32 column describing the index of the duplicate that the row is derived from.                                                                                                                                           |
```

### Expand Properties

| Property  | Description                          | Required |
| --------- |--------------------------------------| -------- |
| Input     | The relational input.                | Required |

> | Fields | Expressions describing the output fields.  These refer to the schema of the input.  A field can have a different expression for each duplicate.  | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Direct Fields | Expressions describing the output fields.  These refer to the schema of the input.  Each Direct Field must be a Consistent Field or a Switching Field  | Required |

### Switching Field Properties

A switching field is a field whose value is different in each duplicated row.  All switching fields in an Expand Operation must have the same number of duplicates.

| Property  | Description                          | Required |
| --------- |--------------------------------------| -------- |
| Duplicates | List of one or more expressions.  The output will contain a row for each expression. | Required |
```

| Measures         | A list of one or more aggregate expressions. Aggregate expressions ordering requirements must be compatible with expected ordering. | Optional, required if no grouping sets. |

## Expand Operation

The expand operation creates duplicates of input records based on ExpandFields. For each ExpandField the

> expressions specific to that grouping are evaluated and the result is added to the input record in a manner

Reviewer 2: grouping doesn't seem like the right word here. 

Additionally, as part of these docs we should be talking about the two behaviors "switching" versus "duplicating" (or whatever).

similar to a project operation. 

| Signature            | Value                                                                               |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Inputs               | 1                                                                                   |
| Outputs              | 1                                                                                   |

> | Property Maintenance | Distribution and ordering are not maintained.                                       |

Reviewer 2: I would expect distribution to be maintained for columns that are duplicated (not switching)

> | Direct Output Order  | Same as defined by the [Project](logical_relations.md#project-operation) operation. |

Reviewer 2: This is not correct with the latest representation. The only output is the fields in the expand plus the duplicate id. We should clearly state the order of these.

### Expand Properties

| Property  | Description                          | Required |
| --------- |--------------------------------------| -------- |
| Input     | The relational input.                | Required |

> | ExpandField | One of SwitchingField of Expression. | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fields | Expressions describing the output fields.  These refer to the schema of the input.  A field can have a different expression for each duplicate.  | Required |
```

| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Inputs               | 1                                                                                   |
| Outputs              | 1                                                                                   |
| Property Maintenance | Distribution and ordering are not maintained.                                       |
| Direct Output Order  | Same as defined by the [Project](logical_relations.md#project-operation) operation. |

### Expand Properties

| Property  | Description                                                                             | Required |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| Input     | The relational input.                                                                   | Required |
| Groupings | Sets of expressions.  There will be one output row for each input row for each grouping | Required |

Note: Each grouping must have the same number of expressions and the return types for each new output column must

> be consistent across all groupings.

Reviewer: This needs to be updated.

Author: @westonpace Can you help to review again? Thanks.

Reviewer 3: @westonpace ok to merge

| Inputs               | 1                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Outputs              | 1                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Property Maintenance | Distribution is maintained if all the distribution fields are consistent fields with direct references. Ordering can only be maintained down to the level of consistent fields that are kept.|
| Direct Output Order  | The expand fields followed by an i32 column describing the index of the duplicate that the row is derived from.                                                                                                                                           |

### Expand Properties

| Property  | Description                          | Required |
| --------- |--------------------------------------| -------- |
| Input     | The relational input.                | Required |

> | Direct Fields | Expressions describing the output fields.  These refer to the schema of the input.  Each Direct Field must be a Consistent Field or a Switching Field  | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Direct Fields | Expressions describing the output fields.  These refer to the schema of the input.  Each Direct Field must be an expression or a Switching Field  | Required |
```
